DEVX-1712: First tutorial for basic Kafka - console consumer and producer (#339)
confluentinc/kafka-tutorials: _includes/tutorials/console-consumer-produer-basic/kafka/markup/dev/consume-topic.adoc

Next let's open up a console consumer to read records sent to the topic you created in the previous step.

> First let's open a command prompt from docker. From the same terminal you used to create the topic, run this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the same terminal you used to create the topic above, run the following command to open a terminal on the broker container:
```

+++++
<pre class="snippet"><code class="shell">{% include_raw tutorials/console-consumer-produer-basic/kafka/code/tutorial-steps/dev/open-docker-shell.sh %}</code></pre>
+++++

> Then run this command to start a console consumer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From within the terminal on the broker container, run this command to start a console consumer:
```
